- Hi there.
- Hey!
- I wanna call you "Michelle"
'cause I feel like
you're my pal,
but there's a proper name
I'm supposed to call you.
- "Michelle" is good.
- Mrs.? Madame? Michelle?
- I don't know.
"Michelle" is just fine.
- All right.
- What should I call you?
- Madame Ellen.
- Okay.
How's everybody doing?
- Everybody's good.
- Yeah?
How are the girls?
How old are they now?
- Malia is 16.
- Ooh.
- Ooh, I know.
- That's driving age.
- She's driving.
- Is she really?
- She is.
Look out, D.C.!
She's on the road.
Yeah, she's a driver.
She drives to school
every day.
- Really?
- And Sasha's 13.
So eighth grade
and a junior in high school.
- And how's the teenage girls
years going?
- They're doing okay.
I mean, you know,
so far so good.
Let me knock on everything.
- Yeah.
- You know,
but they're still sweet.
They still kinda like us.
But they generally
don't really want
to spend any time with us.
- Yeah.
- You know, so...
But they're good.
- So they're just typical
teenage girls.
- They are so typical,
and I love it.
I'm so proud of them.
I think they've just managed
this interesting journey
with just a lot
of grace and poise.
I'm really proud of 'em, so...
- Yeah, that's a lot
for teenagers to go through,
teenage years,
much less being the daughters
of the president
and the first lady.
- They're doing it.
- Do they ask about
Auntie Ellen?
- In fact,
Sasha was very upset
that she was in school today.
She would have loved
to come with me.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah, they ask about you
all the time.
They love you.
- Oh, well, I love them.
- Everybody loves Ellen, right?
[cheers and applause]
They wanna know--Malia
in particular wants to know
where her college fund
check is.
- Oh.
- When that's gonna be
deposited into--
But, you know,
we've got a year or so--
- No, no, let me talk
to Shutterfly, 'cause we, uh--
I can help them out.
I will fund them for sure.
What about college?
Are they gonna go
far, far away or...
- You know,
we don't know yet.
We're in that process,
can you believe it?
College visits and tests
and all that, all the drama.
But she's a junior,
so she's got one more year
before she's actually applying.
- And do they wanna be
in politics or--
- No!
- No?
- No.
- No. Absolutely not.
- Yeah.
Do you wanna be in politics?
- No.
No.
Absolutely not.
- Yeah, it's a tough gig,
isn't it?
- You know, it's--
it's important work.
- Yes.
- But you have to have
the personality
and the passion
for the politics.
- Yeah.
- I just wanna help folks.
I'm like you, you know?
I just wanna make sure--
[cheers and applause]
And you can do that
in so many different ways.
Politics is one
important form to do it,
and I'm glad there are people
who are willing
to roll up their sleeves,
but I leave it to those folks
and, you know,
I'll find other ways
to keep giving back.
- Yeah, there's a lot of ways
to help people,
and you are helping people.
And so 22 years of marriage,
right?
- 22.
- 22 years of marriage.
- Yeah.
- And--
[cheers and applause]
There's gotta be--
You know, you can't say
much about him
that would be bad or nasty,
but there have to be
things that bug you.
Like, does he have a habit
that's annoying?
- You know,
let me say this
about the two decades
of marriage, plus,
is that what I've come
to find out
is that you don't sweat
the small stuff.
You know, you--
You know, the journey
that we've taken together,
the fun we've had,
the challenges we've faced,
the two beautiful girls
that we're raising.
I kinda give him a pass now
when he leaves his socks
on the floor
or tells that story
for the 100th time.
- Uh-huh.
- And, you know,
wants us to, like,
laugh at it like as if
we first heard it, so...
- Right. Well, he's got
to have good stories though.
I mean, whatever
his hundredth story--
- Well, you know,
as good of a story--
- I see, I see.
- You know,
100 times is a lot.
- Yeah, no.
I understand.